extension/README.md, before:

A shuffle button for Netflix TV shows.

To operate, simply navigate to a show on Netflix (e.g. <a href="https://www.netflix.com/title/70153404">Friends</a>, and click the button. A random episode will play.

Included is support for 87 shows. The extension will silently fail if it's on a show it does not recognize, but I am adding shows all the time. If there's a show you would like support for, send me a note and I'll add it in the next release.

==== LIST OF SHOWS ====
30 Rock
Alias
American Horror Story
Archer
Arrested Development
Arrow
Black Mirror
Bob's Burgers
Bojack Horseman
Bones
Breaking Bad
Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Californication
Cheers
Chuck
Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey
Criminal Minds
Daredevil
Dexter
Everybody Loves Raymond
Family Guy
Firefly
Frasier
Freaks and Geeks
Friends
Fringe
Futurama
Gilmore Girls
Glee
Gossip Girl
Grey's Anatomy
Hawaii Five-0
Hell on Wheels
Heroes
House M.D.
House of Cards
How I Met Your Mother
It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia
Jane the Virgin
Jessica Jones
Justice League
Justice League Unlimited
Kill La Kill
Lost
Luther
Mad Men
Malcolm in the Middle
Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.
Master of None
NCIS
Narcos
New Girl
Orange Is The New Black
Parks and Recreation
Phineas and Ferb
Portlandia
Psych
Scandal
Scooby-Doo!: Mystery Incorporated
Scrubs
Sherlock
Sons of Anarchy
Star Trek
Star Trek: Deep Space Nine
Star Trek: Enterprise
Star Trek: The Next Generation
Star Trek: Voyager
Stranger Things
Supernatural
That '70s Show
The Blacklist
The Flash
The IT Crowd
The League
The Magic School Bus
The Office (US)
The Twilight Zone
The Walking Dead
The West Wing
The X-Files
Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt
Weeds
Young Justice
-----------------------
83 shows
8760 episodes

==============

Television icon from <a href="http://www.flaticon.com/authors/icon-works">Icon Works</a>. Shuffle icon from <a href="http://www.flaticon.com/authors/pavel-kozlov">Pavel Kozlov</a>.

Commit message:

Added files relevant to adding new shows

extension/README.md, after:

A shuffle button for Netflix TV shows.

To operate, simply navigate to a show's page on Netflix and click the extension's button. A random episode will play. The extension will also work if you access a show by searching, or through the 'Shows You Might Like' feature Netflix has.

The extension will notify you if you are on an invalid page or a page for a show that hasn't been added. I am adding shows all the time. If there's a show you would like support for, send me a note and I'll add it in the next release.

==== LIST OF SHOWS ====
==== LIST OF SHOWS ====
30 Rock
Alias
American Horror Story
Archer
Arrested Development
Arrow
Black Mirror
Bob Ross: Beauty Is Everywhere
Bob's Burgers
Bojack Horseman
Bones
Breaking Bad
Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Californication
Cheers
Chuck
Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey
Criminal Minds
Daredevil
Dexter
Everybody Loves Raymond
Family Guy
Firefly
Frasier
Freaks and Geeks
Friday Night Lights
Friends
Fringe
Futurama
Gilmore Girls
Glee
Gossip Girl
Grey's Anatomy
Hawaii Five-0
Hell on Wheels
Heroes
House M.D.
House of Cards
How I Met Your Mother
It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia
Jane the Virgin
Jessica Jones
Justice League
Justice League Unlimited
Kill La Kill
Law & Order: Special Victims Unit
Lost
Luther
Mad Men
Malcolm in the Middle
Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.
Master of None
NCIS
Narcos
New Girl
Nurse Jackie
Once Upon A Time
One Tree Hill
Orange Is The New Black
Parks and Recreation
Phineas and Ferb
Portlandia
Prison Break
Psych
Scandal
Scooby-Doo!: Mystery Incorporated
Scrubs
Sherlock
Sons of Anarchy
Star Trek
Star Trek: Deep Space Nine
Star Trek: Enterprise
Star Trek: The Next Generation
Star Trek: Voyager
Star Wars: The Clone Wars
Stranger Things
Supernatural
That '70s Show
The Blacklist
The Flash
The IT Crowd
The League
The Magic School Bus
The Office (US)
The Twilight Zone
The Walking Dead
The West Wing
The X-Files
Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt
Weeds
Young Justice
==============

Television icon from [Icon Works](http://www.flaticon.com/authors/icon-works). Shuffle icon from [Pavel Kozlov](http://www.flaticon.com/authors/pavel-kozlov)
